LTI 1.1 publishing note (#13755)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/courseInstance/index.md

    Most users will not need to migrate from `allowAccess` to publishing manually. Copying or creating a course instance in the UI will automatically switch to the new publishing system. If you would like to migrate manually, you can follow the steps below.

!!! warning "LTI 1.1 courses should not migrate"

>     Courses using LTI 1.1 should not migrate to the new publishing system. LTI 1.1 requires the `allowAccess` rules with `"institution": "LTI"` to function properly.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
    Courses using LTI 1.1 should not migrate to the new publishing system. LTI 1.1 requires an `allowAccess` rule with `"institution": "LTI"` to function properly.
```
